README.md, before:

# kbd_layout_overlay

Displays an image overlay in response to a keyboard shortcut.

## Usage

Running the binary launches a background listener. Hold
`Ctrl + Alt + Shift + Slash` to show the overlay and release any key to hide
it. The image is centered on the monitor with the active window, falling back
to the display under the mouse cursor. If no image is configured or the
configured path is missing, the application looks for a `keymap.png` next to
the executable and uses it if found. Otherwise a built-in `keymap.png`
(742×235) from the `assets` directory is used. If a configured image cannot be
loaded an error is printed and the same `keymap.png` lookup is performed before
falling back to the built-in image.

Configuration options can be supplied on the command line:

```
kbd_layout_overlay --image path/to.png --width 742 --height 235 --opacity 0.3 --autostart true
```

Use `--autostart true` to enable starting the application at login or
`--autostart false` to disable it. The preference is saved to the
configuration file.

`kbd_layout_overlay diagnose` prints detected monitors and their scale
factors and exits.

Enable debug or informational output by setting the `RUST_LOG` environment
variable before running the application. For example:

```
RUST_LOG=debug kbd_layout_overlay
```

## Autostart helper

The CLI exposes commands to register the application to run at login on
Windows and macOS.

```
kbd_layout_overlay autostart enable   # register
kbd_layout_overlay autostart disable  # unregister
```

On Windows a registry entry is created under
`HKCU\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run`. On macOS a
`LaunchAgents` plist named `com.kbd_layout_overlay.plist` is written to the
user's home directory and loaded with `launchctl`.

## Manual test checklist

- hotkey shows and hides overlay instantly
- overlay ignores mouse clicks
- image is centered on the active monitor (cursor monitor fallback)
- size consistent on HiDPI displays
- autostart launches app after reboot

Commit message:

Fix overlay rendering and add invert option

README.md, after:

# kbd_layout_overlay

Displays an image overlay in response to a keyboard shortcut.

## Usage

Running the binary launches a background listener. Hold
`Ctrl + Alt + Shift + Slash` to show the overlay and release any key to hide
it. The image is centered horizontally and aligned to the bottom of the monitor
with the active window, falling back to the display under the mouse cursor. If no image is configured or the
configured path is missing, the application looks for a `keymap.png` next to
the executable and uses it if found. Otherwise a built-in `keymap.png`
(742×235) from the `assets` directory is used. If a configured image cannot be
loaded an error is printed and the same `keymap.png` lookup is performed before
falling back to the built-in image.

Configuration options can be supplied on the command line:

```
kbd_layout_overlay --image path/to.png --width 742 --height 235 --opacity 0.3 --invert false --autostart true
```

Use `--autostart true` to enable starting the application at login or
`--autostart false` to disable it. The preference is saved to the
configuration file.

`kbd_layout_overlay diagnose` prints detected monitors and their scale
factors and exits.

Enable debug or informational output by setting the `RUST_LOG` environment
variable before running the application. For example:

```
RUST_LOG=debug kbd_layout_overlay
```

## Autostart helper

The CLI exposes commands to register the application to run at login on
Windows and macOS.

```
kbd_layout_overlay autostart enable   # register
kbd_layout_overlay autostart disable  # unregister
```

On Windows a registry entry is created under
`HKCU\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run`. On macOS a
`LaunchAgents` plist named `com.kbd_layout_overlay.plist` is written to the
user's home directory and loaded with `launchctl`.

## Manual test checklist

- hotkey shows and hides overlay instantly
- overlay ignores mouse clicks
- image appears at the bottom center of the active monitor (cursor monitor fallback)
- size consistent on HiDPI displays
- autostart launches app after reboot
